README.md, before:

# Combinatorics Visualizer

[--LIVE Demo--](https://rennacarver.github.io/Combinatorics-Visualizer/)

![Linear Permutations_medium](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/eee1e92c-8824-4836-8ad0-2653aee079cd)

## Features
 - enter a string of text (any language up to 6 chars) to display a colorful list of all permutations
 - switch between Combinations and Permutations mode to see how the formula and permutation list changes
 - change the 'r' value to see any possible nCr or nPr
 - Try: '你們好', 'test', '+-=+', '♡♠♦♣'
 - click the sun/moon icon to switch on dark mode

## Lessons Learned
 - Enabling dark mode on the body element which is above the root element requires separate code
 - Font size cannot easily detect the size of it's parent container
 - Switching between design tasks and thinking tasks is a great way to maintain momentum

## Fixes Needed
 - Color selector needs to be rewritten
 - Color selector doesn't maintain separation of concerns
 - Not responsive for mobile
 - Non-english fonts causes text to wrap breaking formatting

## Limitations/Future Enhancements
 - Allow users to set a dark mode preference or default to system
 - Add Animations for appearance of new elements
 - Enable duplicate unit off/on switch
 - Enable more than 6 characters to be inputted without slowdown
 - Enable user to select custom colors
 - Enable circular permutations
 - Enable emojis
 - Enable repeat elements from set
 - Show number for total permutations currently being displayed

Commit message:

update README.md, limit input to 6 characters or emojis

README.md, after:

# Combinatorics Visualizer

[--LIVE Demo--](https://rennacarver.github.io/Combinatorics-Visualizer/)

![Linear Permutations_medium](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/eee1e92c-8824-4836-8ad0-2653aee079cd)

## Features
 - enter a string of text (any language or emoji up to 6 chars) to display a colorful list of all permutations
 - switch between Combinations and Permutations mode to see how the formula and permutation list changes
 - change the 'r' value to see any possible nCr or nPr
 - Try: '你們好', 'test', '+-=+', '♡♠♦♣', '🪻🌾🌷🌻'
 - click the sun/moon icon to switch on dark mode

## Lessons Learned
 - Enabling dark mode on the body element which is above the root element requires separate code
 - Font size cannot easily detect the size of it's parent container
 - Switching between design tasks and thinking tasks is a great way to maintain momentum

## Fixes Needed
 - Font size needs to adjust to parent container size
 - Color selector needs to be rewritten
 - Color selector doesn't maintain separation of concerns
 - Not responsive for mobile
 - Non-english fonts causes text to wrap breaking formatting

## Limitations/Future Enhancements
 - Allow users to set a dark mode preference or default to system
 - Add Animations for appearance of new elements
 - Enable duplicate unit off/on switch
 - Enable more than 6 characters for input
 - Enable user to select custom colors
 - Enable circular permutations
 - Enable repeat elements from set
